---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-23T21:47:14.173Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-23T21:46:16.102Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-23-f8fafd84-78b5-47ff-8922-c45aa0dd4085.md
published: true
url: f8fafd84-78b5-47ff-8922-c45aa0dd4085/index.html
_type: Article

---
In September 2002 Gretchen Figge resigned from Best Access Systems as their contract construction salesperson. Because of her success, she was immediately approached by a number of companies to come and work for them. She really didn't want to get back into the "corporate race" so as a compromise she decided to begin Elf Works, Inc. The concept was simple at first, Gretchen would work as an outside contractor for many companies on a short term basis. The first company to jump on this concept was South Mountain Community Church. They hired her to help them manage their day to day functions which she did for several years. In 2004 David Figge resigned from his position as an outside sales person to run a small company as its CEO. As soon as he took his position it was clear that the company he was working for was not going to make it financially. Knowing the product and business plan was solid, he approached the owners with an idea. "Why don't I represent you, work on commission only, and grow this company at it's natural pace." They didn't take him up on it? But it sparked an idea for Elf Works, Inc., who hired him to begin their outsourced sales department. 
With the new business concept fully in place Elf Works, Inc. soon began selling for a small wood shop. Over the next year we began selling for several other small companies including an HVAC company, an entertainment company, a computer networking group, and a locksmith. In 2005 they began working with their first international multi billion dollar company. We are now continuously being approached by companies seeking growth. Because the demand for our services is so great, we only accept a few select organizations that can demonstrate a high level of competency and a great product. It's now been many years since Gretchen began this company, and we are doing well both for us and the companies we represent. We continue to add more people to our staff and continue to grow other businesses and people.
"We work...You play!"